[ADD] barcode: add troubleshooting doc (#7983)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/barcode/setup/device_troubleshooting.rst

==============================
Barcode device troubleshooting
==============================

Odoo *Barcode* supports three main types of barcode scanners: USB scanners, bluetooth scanners, and
mobile computer scanners. While configuring each type of scanner, common issues may arise, in which
the scanners do not work as intended, and Odoo returns errors to the device.

Read the sections below to identify general device issues, and unique issues relating to specific,
popular types of scanners.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../setup/hardware`
   - :doc:`../setup/software`

General issues
==============

Refer to the following sections below for common issues involving popular barcode scanner devices.
For issues relating to specific devices, refer to the :ref:`Android scanners

> <barcode/setup/android-scanners>` section for mobile computer scanners, and to the

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

:ref:`Screenless scanners <barcode/setup/screenless-scanners>` section for USB and bluetooth
scanners.

Barcode can't be read
---------------------

One common issue using barcode scanners is an error resulting from barcodes that can't be read. This

> could be due to the following reasons:

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

- The barcode is damaged.
- The device can't read the required barcode type (some scanners can only read 2D barcodes).
- The barcode being scanned is on a screen. Some scanners don't support this, and the barcodes
  **must** be printed out to be scanned. This is most common with 1D barcodes.
- The device has no battery, or is broken. To rule this out, follow the troubleshooting instructions
  in the following sections.

Odoo returns barcode error
--------------------------

All types of barcode scanners have their own device "language", and this affects how they output
barcode data to Odoo's *Barcode* app. Sometimes, this can cause Odoo *Barcode* to return a barcode
error after scanning. This could be due to the following reasons:

- The computer is configured with a different keyboard than the barcode scanner. To rule this out,
  ensure that the device is configured with the same keyboard. For example, if the computer is

>   configured to use a FR-BE keyboard, configure the scanner to send FR-BE keystrokes. The same logic

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

>   applies if using a tablet instead of a computer.

Author: That's a good idea. There's additional info about keystrokes/keyboard language in the `hardware` setup doc, so I linked that at the end of this sentence.

Suggestion implemented ✅

- For mobile computer scanners (such as Zebra devices), the scanner might interpret the barcode
  differently than intended. To rule this out, scan a test barcode to see how the scanner interprets
  the barcode.

.. _barcode/setup/android-scanners:

Android scanners
================

The most recent barcode scanner models using Android and Google Chrome should work with Odoo.
However, due to the variety of models and configurations, it is recommended to first test a
scanner's compatibility with Odoo.

> The Zebra product line it recommended; specifically, the **Zebra TC21 (WiFi-only)**, and **Zebra

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

TC26 (WiFi/cellular)**.

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Inventory & Barcode • Compatible Hardware <https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_

Barcode app doesn't give feedback
---------------------------------

By default, Android barcode scanners pre-process the barcode, then send a full text. Since Odoo
*Barcode* doesn't read this type of output, settings for each type of scanner **must** be configured
correctly.

Odoo *Barcode* expects that the scanner works like an analog keyboard, and so, only detects *key
events*. Refer to the following sections below for settings instructions for the most popular
devices.

Zebra TC21/TC26
---------------

When using Zebra scanners, ensure the following keystroke configurations are set to prevent errors.

Begin on the Zebra scanner's home screen, and select the :guilabel:`DataWedge` app (the app is

> represented by a :guilabel:`(light blue barcode)` icon).

Author: I couldn't find one in the style guide, and there doesn't appear to be one in the linked emoji sites either. So, I'll just remove the parentheses.

Suggestion implemented ✅

On the :guilabel:`DataWedge Profiles` page, select the profile option to access the Zebra scanner's
settings.

Once the profile is selected, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Keyboard Output` option, and ensure the
:guilabel:`Enable/disable keystroke output` option is :guilabel:`Enabled`.

.. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-zebra-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show keystroke option in the Zebra scanner's DataWedge app.

Once that option is enabled, go back to the :guilabel:`Profile` options page, and go to the
:guilabel:`Keystroke output` section. Then, open the :guilabel:`Key event options` submenu. Under
:guilabel:`Characters`, ensure the :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option is checked.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option **must** be checked on the Zebra scanner, or
   Odoo **cannot** recognize the barcodes that are scanned.

Once all those steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the Zebra scanner is working

> properly, as intended.

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

MUNBYN Android devices
----------------------

When using MUNBYN Android scanners, ensure the following configurations are set to prevent errors.

From the device's home screen, click :menuselection:`AppSettings`. On the resulting page, locate the
:guilabel:`Process mode` section, and select :guilabel:`Keyboard input`.

.. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-munbyn-process-mode.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Process mode section on MUNBYN scanner's AppSettings page.

.. tip::
   The selected *Process mode* controls how data will be processed after barcode data has been read
   out. *Keyboard input* enters read-out data in cursor position, the same as input data on an

>    analog keyboard would.

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

Once all those steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the MUNBYN Android scanner is

> working properly, as intended.

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

.. admonition:: Why is there no data output in the app after a successful scan?

   When scanning a barcode, the scanner might beep, indicating a successful scan, but there is no
   data output in the app.

   To fix this issue, adjust the output method to *keyboard analogue* in the *Scanner* app on the
   device.

   From the device's home screen, click :menuselection:`Scanner App --> Settings`. From the
   :guilabel:`Settings` page, click :guilabel:`Output Mode`. The resulting pop-up window presents
   the different output options available to users. Select :guilabel:`Keyboard Mode`, then click
   :guilabel:`OK`.

   .. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-output-mode-popup.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Output mode pop-up window on MUNBYN scanner.

   Go back to the app that needs to be scanned, and click on the :guilabel:`input dialog box` first

>    before scanning. Finally, perform a test scan to ensure the MUNBYN Android scanner is working
>    properly, as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   before scanning. Finally, perform a test scan to ensure the MUNBYN Android scanner is working as intended.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

device. From the applications menu, select :menuselection:`Settings --> System --> Scanner
Settings`.

From the resulting list of settings, select :guilabel:`Wedge`. From this menu, under the
:guilabel:`Keyboard wedge` section, ensure that the :guilabel:`Enable keyboard wedge`  feature is
activated.

Then, also under the :guilabel:`Keyboard wedge` section, locate the :guilabel:`Keyboard wedge input
mode` option. By default, the input mode is set to *Text injection*.

.. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-wedge-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Wedge configuration menu on Datalogic scanner.

Click :guilabel:`Keyboard wedge input mode`, and change the setting to :guilabel:`Key pressure`.
This ensures that scanned barcodes are translated into keyboard strokes, instead of being injected
into the text area.

.. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-keyboard-wedge-input.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Keyboard wedge input mode selection on Datalogic scanner.

Once all those steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the Datalogic Android scanner is

> working properly, as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
working as intended.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

.. _barcode/setup/screenless-scanners:

Screenless scanners
===================

Screenless scanners are barcode scanning devices that have no screens. These include USB scanners
and bluetooth scanners.

.. important::
   Odoo supports most USB and Bluetooth barcode scanners, as they all emulate a keyboard. However,
   to verify that a scanner is compatible with a specific keyboard layout (or can be configured to
   do so), refer to Odoo's `Inventory & Barcode Compatible Hardware documentation
   <https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_.

NETUM devices
-------------

> By default, the NETUM barcode scanner's user manual only shows French keyboard configuration. To use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the NETUM barcode scanner's user manual only shows the French keyboard configuration. To use
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

the Belgian keyboard, scan the code below:

.. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-belgium-fr-key.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Belgian FR key barcode.

Once that code has been scanned, ensure the NETUM scanner has the correct keyboard configuration,

> and is working properly, as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and is working as intended.
```

==============================
Barcode device troubleshooting
==============================

Odoo *Barcode* supports three main types of barcode scanners: USB scanners, bluetooth scanners, and
mobile computer scanners. While configuring each type of scanner, common issues may arise, in which
the scanners do not work as intended, and Odoo returns errors to the device.

> Read the sections below to identify general device issues, and unique issues relating to specific,
> popular types of scanners.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Read the sections below to identify general and unique device issues, related to specific, popular
types of scanners.
```

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../setup/hardware`
   - :doc:`../setup/software`

General issues
==============

Refer to the following sections below for common issues involving popular barcode scanner devices.

> For issues relating to specific devices, refer to the :ref:`Android scanners

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For issues related to specific devices, refer to the :ref:`Android scanners
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

<barcode/setup/android-scanners>` section for mobile computer scanners, or to the
:ref:`Screenless scanners <barcode/setup/screenless-scanners>` section for USB and bluetooth
scanners.

> Barcode can't be read
> ---------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Barcode cannot be read
----------------------
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

One common issue encountered when using barcode scanners is an error resulting from barcodes that

> can't be read. This can occur due to the following reasons:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cannot be read. 

This can occur due to any the following reasons:
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

- The barcode is damaged.

> - The device can't read the required barcode type (some scanners can only read 2D barcodes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The device cannot read the required barcode type (some scanners can only read 2D barcodes).
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

- The barcode being scanned is on a screen. Some scanners don't support this, and the barcodes
  **must** be printed out to be scanned. This is most common with 1D barcodes.
- The device has no battery, or is broken. To rule this out, follow the troubleshooting instructions
  in the following sections.

Odoo returns barcode error
--------------------------

> All types of barcode scanners have their own device "language", and this affects how they output
> barcode data to Odoo's *Barcode* app. Sometimes, this can cause Odoo *Barcode* to return a barcode
> error after scanning. This could be due to the following reasons:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All types of barcode scanners have their own device "language", which affects how they output
barcode data to Odoo's *Barcode* app. Sometimes, this can cause Odoo *Barcode* to return a barcode
error after scanning. This could be due to any of the following reasons:
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

- The computer is configured with a different keyboard than the barcode scanner. To rule this out,

>   ensure that the device is configured with the same keyboard. For example, if the computer is
>   configured to use an FR-BE keyboard, configure the scanner to send FR-BE keystrokes. The same
>   logic applies if using a tablet instead of a computer. For more information on configuring
>   keystrokes, refer to the :doc:`Barcode scanner setup <hardware>` documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ensure that the device is configured with the same keyboard.
  
  For example, if the computer is configured to use an FR-BE keyboard, configure the scanner to send
  FR-BE keystrokes. The same logic applies if using a tablet, instead of a computer.
  
  For more information on configuring keystrokes, refer to the :doc:`Barcode scanner setup
  <hardware>` documentation.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

> - For mobile computer scanners (such as Zebra devices), the scanner might interpret the barcode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For mobile computer scanners (such as, Zebra devices), the scanner might interpret the barcode
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

  differently than intended. To rule this out, scan a test barcode to see how the scanner interprets
  the barcode.

.. _barcode/setup/android-scanners:

Android scanners
================

The most recent barcode scanner models using Android and Google Chrome should work with Odoo.
However, due to the variety of models and configurations, it is recommended to first test a
scanner's compatibility with Odoo.

The Zebra product line is recommended; specifically, the **Zebra TC21 (WiFi-only)**, and **Zebra
TC26 (WiFi/cellular)**.

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Inventory & Barcode • Compatible Hardware <https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_

> Barcode app doesn't give feedback
> ---------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Barcode app does not give feedback
----------------------------------
```

By default, Android barcode scanners pre-process the barcode, then send a full text. Since Odoo

> *Barcode* doesn't read this type of output, settings for each type of scanner **must** be configured

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Barcode* does not read this type of output, settings for each type of scanner **must** be configured
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   :align: center
   :alt: Show keystroke option in the Zebra scanner's DataWedge app.

Once that option is enabled, go back to the :guilabel:`Profile` options page, and go to the
:guilabel:`Keystroke output` section. Then, open the :guilabel:`Key event options` submenu. Under
:guilabel:`Characters`, ensure the :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option is checked.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option **must** be checked on the Zebra scanner, or
   Odoo **cannot** recognize the barcodes that are scanned.

Once the above steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the Zebra scanner is working as
intended.

MUNBYN Android devices
----------------------

When using MUNBYN Android scanners, ensure the following configurations are set to prevent errors.

From the device's home screen, click :menuselection:`AppSettings`. On the resulting page, locate the
:guilabel:`Process mode` section, and select :guilabel:`Keyboard input`.

.. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-munbyn-process-mode.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Process mode section on MUNBYN scanner's AppSettings page.

.. tip::

>    The selected *Process mode* controls how data will be processed after barcode data has been read
>    out. *Keyboard input* enters read-out data at the position of the cursor, the same as input data
>    on an analog keyboard would.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The selected *Process mode* controls how data is processed after barcode data has been read out.
   *Keyboard input* enters read-out data at the position of the cursor, the same as input data on an
   analog keyboard would.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

Once the above steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the MUNBYN Android scanner is
working as intended.

.. admonition:: Why is there no data output in the app after a successful scan?

   When scanning a barcode, the scanner might beep, indicating a successful scan, but there is no
   data output in the app.

>    To fix this issue, adjust the output method to *keyboard analogue* in the *Scanner* app on the

Reviewer 2: please ensure that the correct spelling of "analogue" is used here (analogue or analog)

Author: Both are correct spellings, analog being preferred in the US and analogue in the UK. In this instance, *analogue* is correct. However, to avoid confusion, I'll just change it to "analogue" throughout the doc entirely

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   device.

   From the device's home screen, click :menuselection:`Scanner App --> Settings`. From the
   :guilabel:`Settings` page, click :guilabel:`Output Mode`. The resulting pop-up window presents
   the different output options available to users. Select :guilabel:`Keyboard Mode`, then click
   :guilabel:`OK`.

   .. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-output-mode-popup.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Output mode pop-up window on MUNBYN scanner.

   Go back to the app that needs to be scanned, and click on the :guilabel:`input dialog box` first
   before scanning. Finally, perform a test scan to ensure the MUNBYN Android scanner is working as
   intended.

Datalogic Android devices
-------------------------

When using Datalogic Android scanners, ensure the following configurations are set to prevent
errors.

To view and configure all settings for the scanner, use the *Settings* app on the Datalogic Android
device. From the applications menu, select :menuselection:`Settings --> System --> Scanner
Settings`.

From the resulting list of settings, select :guilabel:`Wedge`. From this menu, under the

> :guilabel:`Keyboard wedge` section, ensure that the :guilabel:`Enable keyboard wedge`  feature is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Keyboard wedge` section, ensure that the :guilabel:`Enable keyboard wedge` feature is
```

Author: Nice catch, Suggestion implemented ✅

activated.

Then, also under the :guilabel:`Keyboard wedge` section, locate the :guilabel:`Keyboard wedge input

> mode` option. By default, the input mode is set to *Text injection*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mode` option. By default, the input mode is set to :guilabel:`Text injection`.
```
because it appears on screen/screenshot

Author: Nice catch, Suggestion Implemented ✅

<barcode/setup/android-scanners>` section for mobile computer scanners, or to the :ref:`Screenless
scanners <barcode/setup/screenless-scanners>` section for USB and bluetooth scanners.

Barcode cannot be read
----------------------

One common issue encountered when using barcode scanners is an error resulting from barcodes that
cannot be read.

This can occur due to any of the following reasons:

- The barcode is damaged.
- The device cannot read the required barcode type (some scanners can only read 2D barcodes).
- The barcode being scanned is on a screen. Some scanners don't support this, and the barcodes
  **must** be printed out to be scanned. This is most common with 1D barcodes.
- The device has no battery, or is broken. To rule this out, follow the troubleshooting instructions
  in the following sections.

Odoo returns barcode error
--------------------------

All types of barcode scanners have their own device "language", which affects how they output
barcode data to Odoo's *Barcode* app. Sometimes, this can cause Odoo *Barcode* to return a barcode
error after scanning. This could be due to any of the following reasons:

> - The computer is configured with a different keyboard than the barcode scanner. To rule this out,
>   ensure that the device is configured with the same keyboard.

Reviewer 3: To eliminate confusion, as people might think it has to do with the *physical* keyboard on not the layout settings in the OS.
```suggestion
- The computer is configured with a different keyboard layout than the barcode scanner. To rule this out,
  ensure that the device is configured with the same keyboard layout.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

  For example, if the computer is configured to use an FR-BE keyboard, configure the scanner to send
  FR-BE keystrokes. The same logic applies if using a tablet instead of a computer.

  For more information on configuring keystrokes, refer to the :doc:`Barcode scanner setup
  <hardware>` documentation.

> - For mobile computer scanners (such as, Zebra devices), the scanner might interpret the barcode

Reviewer 3: would remove oxford comma and specify that it's just an example
```suggestion
- For mobile computer scanners (such as Zebra devices, for example), the scanner might interpret the barcode
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

.. tip::
   The selected *Process mode* controls how data is processed after barcode data has been read out.

   *Keyboard input* enters read-out data at the position of the cursor, the same as input data on an
   analogue keyboard would.

Once the above steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the MUNBYN Android scanner is
working as intended.

.. admonition:: Why is there no data output in the app after a successful scan?

   When scanning a barcode, the scanner might beep, indicating a successful scan, but there is no
   data output in the app.

   To fix this issue, adjust the output method to *keyboard analogue* in the *Scanner* app on the
   device.

   From the device's home screen, click :menuselection:`Scanner App --> Settings`. From the
   :guilabel:`Settings` page, click :guilabel:`Output Mode`. The resulting pop-up window presents
   the different output options available to users. Select :guilabel:`Keyboard Mode`, then click
   :guilabel:`OK`.

   .. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-output-mode-popup.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Output mode pop-up window on MUNBYN scanner.

>    Go back to the app that needs to be scanned, and click on the :guilabel:`input dialog box` first

Reviewer 4: Just want to double check this– is there text/button on-screen at this stage that says "input dialog box"? If so, this :guilabel: can stay. 

Otherwise, if the instruction is to just "click on the input dialog box", no :guilabel: is needed :)
```suggestion
   Go back to the app that needs to be scanned, and click on the :guilabel:`input dialog box` first
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

==============================
Barcode device troubleshooting
==============================

Odoo *Barcode* supports three main types of barcode scanners: USB scanners, bluetooth scanners, and
mobile computer scanners. While configuring each type of scanner, common issues may arise, in which
the scanners do not work as intended, and Odoo returns errors to the device.

Read the sections below to identify general and unique device issues, related to specific, popular
types of scanners.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../setup/hardware`
   - :doc:`../setup/software`

> 

Reviewer 4: Suggestion to move this seealso:: to the bottom of the doc because the previous sentence "Read the sections below..." made me think these seealso docs were the sections to read 🙂

Author: That's a good point! Moving it there to avoid confusion.

Suggestion implemented ✅

General issues
==============

Refer to the following sections below for common issues involving popular barcode scanner devices.

For issues related to specific devices, refer to the :ref:`Android scanners

> <barcode/setup/android-scanners>` section for mobile computer scanners, or to the
> :ref:`Screenless scanners <barcode/setup/screenless-scanners>` section for USB and bluetooth
> scanners.

Reviewer 4: Early break :)
```suggestion
<barcode/setup/android-scanners>` section for mobile computer scanners, or to the :ref:`Screenless
scanners <barcode/setup/screenless-scanners>` section for USB and bluetooth scanners.
```

Author: Nice catch! Suggestion implemented✅

error after scanning. This could be due to any of the following reasons:

- The computer is configured with a different keyboard than the barcode scanner. To rule this out,
  ensure that the device is configured with the same keyboard.

  For example, if the computer is configured to use an FR-BE keyboard, configure the scanner to send
  FR-BE keystrokes. The same logic applies if using a tablet instead of a computer.

  For more information on configuring keystrokes, refer to the :doc:`Barcode scanner setup
  <hardware>` documentation.
- For mobile computer scanners (such as, Zebra devices), the scanner might interpret the barcode
  differently than intended. To rule this out, scan a test barcode to see how the scanner interprets
  the barcode.

.. _barcode/setup/android-scanners:

Android scanners
================

The most recent barcode scanner models using Android and Google Chrome should work with Odoo.
However, due to the variety of models and configurations, it is recommended to first test a
scanner's compatibility with Odoo.

The Zebra product line is recommended; specifically, the **Zebra TC21 (WiFi-only)**, and **Zebra
TC26 (WiFi/cellular)**.

.. seealso::

>    `Odoo Inventory & Barcode • Compatible Hardware <https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_

Reviewer 4: I prefer this formatting for the link, but if there is a reason to format it as "Odoo Inventory & Barcode • Compatible Hardware" that I am not aware of, please let me know! :)
```suggestion
   `Odoo Inventory & Barcode compatible hardware <https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_
```

Author: No reason, I just liked the way it looked. Making this change - Suggestion Implemented ✅

   :align: center
   :alt: Show keystroke option in the Zebra scanner's DataWedge app.

Once that option is enabled, go back to the :guilabel:`Profile` options page, and go to the
:guilabel:`Keystroke output` section. Then, open the :guilabel:`Key event options` submenu. Under
:guilabel:`Characters`, ensure the :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option is checked.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option **must** be checked on the Zebra scanner, or
   Odoo **cannot** recognize the barcodes that are scanned.

Once the above steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the Zebra scanner is working as
intended.

MUNBYN Android devices
----------------------

When using MUNBYN Android scanners, ensure the following configurations are set to prevent errors.

From the device's home screen, click :menuselection:`AppSettings`. On the resulting page, locate the
:guilabel:`Process mode` section, and select :guilabel:`Keyboard input`.

.. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-munbyn-process-mode.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Process mode section on MUNBYN scanner's AppSettings page.

.. tip::

>    The selected *Process mode* controls how data is processed after barcode data has been read
>    out.
> 
>    *Keyboard input* enters read-out data at the position of the cursor, the same as input data
>    on an analogue keyboard would.

Reviewer 4: Early breaks 
```suggestion
   The selected *Process mode* controls how data is processed after barcode data has been read out.

   *Keyboard input* enters read-out data at the position of the cursor, the same as input data on an
   analogue keyboard would.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

mode` option. By default, the input mode is set to :guilabel:`Text injection`.

.. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-wedge-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Wedge configuration menu on Datalogic scanner.

Click :guilabel:`Keyboard wedge input mode`, and change the setting to :guilabel:`Key pressure`.
This ensures that scanned barcodes are translated into keyboard strokes, instead of being injected
into the text area.

.. image:: device_troubleshooting/device-troubleshooting-keyboard-wedge-input.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Keyboard wedge input mode selection on Datalogic scanner.

Once all those steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the Datalogic Android scanner is
working as intended.

.. _barcode/setup/screenless-scanners:

Screenless scanners
===================

Screenless scanners are barcode scanning devices that have no screens. These include USB scanners
and bluetooth scanners.

.. important::
   Odoo supports most USB and Bluetooth barcode scanners, as they all emulate a keyboard. However,
   to verify that a scanner is compatible with a specific keyboard layout (or can be configured to

>    do so), refer to Odoo's `Inventory & Barcode Compatible Hardware documentation
>    <https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_.

Reviewer 4: Updating link text here too, I also prefer to keep "documentation" out of the link text :)
```suggestion
   do so), refer to Odoo's `Inventory & Barcode compatible hardware
   <https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_ documentation.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅
